The paper presents a kinematic controller for a robot, that drives it
towards a fixed target in task space. The controller works in joint
space and consists in a dynamical system formulated as a LPV system
which combines different motor synergies. Such synergies are learnt
from demonstrations. Theoretical proof of stability is given and
experimental results are offered for validation.

The paper is very well written and nicely organized. Results are
interesting and the technical accuracy of the paper is good. The
coverage of the state of the art is quite good.

I have the following comments:

-a considerable part of the introduction is spent in comparing joint
space trajectory generation to task space trajectory generation. Since
these are elementary concepts in robotics, the authors might consider
reducing this part;

-one of the main claims of the paper is the stability proof, which in
fact is cited in the first line of the abstract. However the stability
analysis is a quite simple extension of the stability of the transpose
Jacobian scheme, where the constant gain on the task space error is
replaced by the matrix A(q). As such the emphasis on this result might
be to some extent reduced. By the way, the proof works only if the
Jacobian is full rank, which is not properly discussed in Appendix I;

-the meaning of variables \dot{q}_d in (2) is not very clear to me, a
well as whether it takes the same meaning as \dot{q}_{t,n} in (8);

-Section III uses the concept of synergy without actually defining it.
An introduction to this concept is given later, in Section IV;

-the expression "flow of motion" in Proposition 1 is not very clear to
me;

-some details about the optimization problem in (8) might be given
(nature of the problem, complexity, feasibility).
